<h2>Markov Text Generator</h2>

A program that creates a Markov chain from a text file or files, and generates some gibberish text based on the Markov algorithm.

<i>Hamlet.txt</i> is a test file that can be used as input. 

<h4>Below is an example of a text generated by a 2nd order Markov Chain that
had been given the texts of Hamlet and Moby Dick :</h4>
---------------------------
<br>HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARK<br>
by William Shakespeare
<br>
PERSONS REPRESENTED.<br>
Claudius, King of Denmark.<br>
Hamlet, Son to the three men at her reverend helm, she sported there a tiller; and
that tiller in a ring; and so closely shoulder to shoulder, that a Titanic circus-
rider might easily have over-arched the middle when midway, and comes to
him, and always at hand to them, they all dispersed; and Ahab retired within
his cabin.

CHAPTER 22. Merry Christmas.<br>
At length, towards noon, upon the nal consequence. Why so? Because a laugh's
the wisest, easiest answer to any utterance of harmony; I have not yet arrived;
and there these silent islands of Sumatra and Java, freighted with the light-
ning, that showed the uneasy, if not painful, consciousness of being dragged
along the undulating ridges. But you must be the case, and occasionally with
a dull, spotted, green mould, in consequence of being kept in a life which,
to your now equally abhorred and abhorring, landed world, is more oblivious
than death. Come hither! put up THY gravestone, too, within the church-
yard, and come hither, till we marry thee!"
Hearkening to these delights.
Ros. We shall, my lord.
<br>
[Exeunt Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.]
